>>Hello, I'm Michael
Tellinger and our journey
continues exploring the miracle
of sound and its application
as a tool and technology
and a device that
can be used in so many
ways to benefit humanity.
We ended off last time
by looking at Peter Davey
from New Zealand who
boiled water with sound
and could have actually helped
the world in cleaning up
the pollution created by
the coal mining activities
and using coal to power so many
power plants around the world.
That takes us to one of the
most critical areas of sound
as a healer and the fact
that the cure for all disease
has been discovered
so many times
by so many people around the
world through ancient times
and always removed from society
because curing disease is not
good for business.
And this is really important
for us to internalize.
That as long as we have
pharmaceutical companies
and drug cartels running the
world and managing disease,
anyone who comes up
with a cure for disease
will simply be removed.
So we need to find ways of
bypassing this control system,
and we'll be discussing those
ways further on and later on
in this series of programs.
So this takes us to
Royal Raymond Rife, one
of the most famous
individuals in 1931,
was called the man who found
the cure for all disease.
His universal
microscope could see
living cells for the
first time, and we
could see how the effect
of sound and resonance
affected the cells and
not just the cells,
but viruses and
bacteria, as well.
So what Royal Rife
actually did is show us
how using the prime
resonance frequency and sound
and resonance he could
manipulate and control disease.
It's well-documented.
Much has been written about
him, many documentaries
have been made.
And what's critical
to understand
is he's not the only one.
What I found was a book
in a beautiful library
in Sedona, Arizona.
One of Rife's handwritten books.
It's got about 800
pages, I guess, in it.
Each one is handwritten.
Every page specifically
talks about the treatment
for all kinds of diseases.
I was astounded
to find this book
because I was under
the impression
that very little of Rife's
research and evidence
is there for people to
scrutinize and look at.
And yet, here we have one
of these books handwritten
for everyone to see.
This page, for example,
shows us the treatment
of a number of cancers.
This one deals with
diphtheria, and this page
deals with tuberculosis.
I think I photographed
about 100 pages in this book
until I got tired.
But it just shows us that
this information is out there.
But this is not the only
information out there.
There are other
more recent examples
of using sound and resonance to
cure disease and specifically,
cancer.
A music professor from
Skidmore University
showed us during
a Ted Talk in 2011
how sound can be
used to cure cancer.
I thought that by now we would
have much more information
and knowledge out
there about it,
and how certain
companies would be
getting onto this information
and doing something with it.
And yet, just like
old previous times,
this information
has simply vanished
and you have to go
looking for it to find it.
So take a look at this little
video clip that shows us
how sound frequencies
and specifically,
between, as he mentions, between
100,000 and 300,000 hertz that
seem to really be effective
in destroying cancer cells.
>>These are the
first videos taken.
We showed these
videos to our friends
in the biology department.
They said they hadn't seen
anything quite like it.
Seems to be a new phenomenon.
These organisms
are being shattered
by our electronic signals.
This is a harmless
organism, almost friendly,
a little Blepharisma.
And normally they're
very fast swimmers,
but when you approach a
frequency to which they
are vulnerable, they
begin to slow down,
then they stop, and then
they begin to disintegrate
within about three minutes.
So first, we attacked
pancreatic cancer.
Take a good look at this
slide because the next one
will look quite different.
After we treat these cells,
they change their shape and size
and they begin to grow
long rope-like structures
out the sides.
They look something
like antennas.
I call them bioantennas
for biological antennas.
It's as if the cancer cells are
trying to tune into our signal.
We now know that
cancer is vulnerable
between the frequencies of
100,000 hertz and 300,000
hertz.
So now we attack leukemia cells.
Leukemia cell number one tries
to grow a copy of itself,
but the new cell is shattered
into dozens of fragments
and scattered across the slide.
Leukemia cell number two then
hyperinflates and also dies.
Leukemia cell number
three then tries
to make another cancer cell.
The new cell is shattered
and the original cell dies.
Now we attack
ovarian cancer cells.
This is a more distant shot.
Here you see brackets
coming up around the cells
showing groups of
ovarian cancer cells
which are being destroyed.
You can see by the
end of the video
that a great many ovarian
cancer cells were destroyed
>>So where else do we use sound
in modern advanced technology?
Well, the magnetron
is a famous example
of how resonance is used.
A magnetron is a resonance
energy generating device,
and magnetrons are
found in laser beams.
Magnetrons are
found in microwaves.
And a tiny little magnetron
can create so much energy
that a laser beam that
comes out of that magnetron
can actually cut metal
in a split second.
So magnetrons are really
high-energy generating devices
using resonance as a source.
So once again,
sound and resonance
creating huge amounts of energy.
So you can imagine how far
we can take this thing using
magnetron-like structures.
And you'll see when
we get to South Africa
and the ancient stone ruins
how this is all connected,
in case you're wondering
where I'm going with this.
One of the recent
discoveries that
was released just
recently in 2014,
on the 5th of August 2014,
Lawrence Berkeley National
Laboratory announced
that sound can
act as a cloak of
invisibility, and
that under specific conditions
and specific frequencies,
you can use sound to
make things invisible.
In a related article,
they also talk
about this weird
pyramid-like structure,
or a weird roof-like structure
that's in a pyramid shape
can make things invisible.
When you expose the structure
to certain frequencies,
anything you put underneath
it seems to disappear,
become invisible.
I find this really fascinating
because if you think
about ancient
architecture in the east,
if you look at the monasteries
and what the monks do
in monasteries they get together
and they chant and they hum.
Is it possible that the
ancient Eastern architecture
and the monasteries are somehow
creations in specific shapes
to aid the monks in making
themselves invisible.
Is it possibly a tool
against enemies or armies
marching against the monks?
All they do is get together,
sit around in a circle,
and hum and chant and create
a specific resonant frequency
and make themselves and the
whole monastery disappear,
become invisible.
I think it's a great defensive
tactic and mechanism.
And it's certainly a nonviolent
approach towards aggression,
just making yourself
invisible from those
who want to do you harm.
And so it goes.
But one of my most
startling discoveries
in the past few
years is the fact
that it is the sound of the
air we breathe that actually
energizes the oxygen.
Keep in mind that oxygen
is the common denominator
in the three most
abundant elements
and the three things
that are part of our lives.
The air we breathe
is the oxygen,
H2O and the water we
drink, and silicon dioxide
or the crystals, crystalline
structure around us
in the sandstone,
in the quartzes,
the quartzites, the
dolerites, and so forth.
All the sand, the
beaches around the world,
there is so much sand and
so much silicon dioxide
on this planet.
Between water and silicon
dioxide and the oxygen
we breathe, we have
a common denominator
of oxygen in all three
of these elements.
And this is something that we
need to take cognizance of,
the importance of
this thing called
oxygen and its manipulation
and how it works in our lives.
So what happens when we breathe?
I spent five years
at medical school
at Wits University
in Johannesburg
and not once were we ever
taught or explained what happens
to the oxygen when we breathe.
Well, it just so happens
that as you breathe,
it makes a lot of sound.
We don't hear ourselves
breathe, but if you actually
just put your hand to your ear
and listen to your breathing,
you realize that it's a lot
of noise that gets created.
A very specific sound
that gets created
by your windpipe, your
trachea, all the pipes
that get smaller and smaller
as they go into the alveoli.
So by the time the
sound and the air
moves through your
windpipes into your lungs,
it keeps speeding up and the
sound becomes more intense.
By the time the sound
of the air you breathe
reaches your alveoli
in your lungs,
it's moving at
hypersound speeds.
It's most likely moving
beyond the speed of light,
and this is creating a
huge amount of energy.
And it is this sound
and the energy generated
by the sound of
the air we breathe
that energizes the oxygen
in the air we breathe.
Otherwise, it makes no sense
because we breathe oxygen in
and we breathe oxygen out.
We don't consume the
oxygen. We don't use it
up because if we did we'd
be in a whole lot of trouble
on this planet because there'd
be no bloody oxygen left.
So keep in mind,
oxygen in, oxygen out.
We breathe it out as carbon
dioxide or carbon monoxide,
all depends how sick you are.
So it's the sound of
the air we breathe
that plays a critical
role in us staying alive.
And the oxygen, as it
moves from our lungs
into our bloodstream, taken
to the cells of our bodies,
the oxygen then gets stripped
of the energy and the charge
created by the sound and
is expelled from our bodies
again just to be reused again.
This is a critical
bit of information
that I believe is going
to serve us well as we
explore and discover
how to use sound
for the benefit of humanity
in months and years to come.
And so we move further.
The structure of the
alveoli become critical
because I'm going to point to
you the fact that the alveoli
are hexagonal shapes connected
to the bronchi and the trachea
and the different pipes that
come from your windpipe that
get smaller and smaller
eventually ending up
in the alveoli and the
hexagonal structure.
Very important
shape for us to take
note of when we start comparing
this to some of the structures
we find in the ancient
ruins of Southern Africa.
I'm preparing you for
some of this information
so that it makes sense
when we get there later on.
Sound creates hurricanes.
This is spectacular.
Just by looking at photographs
of hurricanes and the spirals,
it's a dead giveaway
what's going on here.
Remember, everything in
our existence, everything
to do with sound
and energy is always
to do with vortex
fields and spirals.
Everything in our reality
is a spiral activity.
Our sun, our solar
system doesn't just
move through space, it
spirals through space.
The whole sun moves throughout
space in a spiral shape
and the planets
seem to be dragged
by the sun and the gravity it
creates in a spiral fashion.
So think about it, the
way that the electrons
move around the atom,
the center of the atom,
the nucleus of the atom.
The way that water spirals
down the drain and the spirals
differ in the
northern hemisphere
and southern hemisphere
based on the Coriolis forces.
And in the south
it moves clockwise,
in the north it
moves anti-clockwise.
That's always a
dead giveaway for me
when I travel
across the equator.
Whenever I get to the
northern hemisphere
and I go to the toilet for the
first time and I flush the loo,
I go, oh, I'm in the
northern hemisphere,
just by seeing the way the
water goes down the drain.
It's always a little
curiosity, I find.
So sound creates hurricanes.
This is a phenomenal discovery
that I made just recently
when I found out that there
were guys in 2003 that actually
lodged a patent to create
hurricanes and to create rain.
And here is a copy
of the patent.
So this is an example of
some of their drawings
in their patent to create
hurricanes and to create rain.
And that makes me
wonder about some
of the hurricanes
that we've encountered
and so-called disasters.
Is this just another
false flag event
that was man made to use as
an excuse to control humanity
and to put humanity under
more pressure and stress.
And this takes us to
another spectacular example
of sound manifesting
in physical form
on a huge, unimaginably
huge scale.
Remember when we looked at
the sand on a metal plate
and how every sound frequency
creates very specific
and a unique shape?
Its prime resonance frequency
in that specific shape
for that frequency.
The higher the
frequency, the more
complex the sound and the
more complex the shapes.
The lower the frequency,
the sparser and the larger
the shapes and the patterns.
So if you look at very,
very large objects in space
that create or give off
very low frequencies,
they'll give off very
large cymatic patterns.
Remember the science of sound
manifesting in physical form
is known cymatics.
So NASA, in 2003,
shared with the world
that they detected
supercluster galaxies being
formed by sound frequencies.
It's fascinating that they
say that this is the lowest
frequency ever measured by
NASA, which basically tells us
if they've measured sound
frequencies coming out
of supercluster galaxies or
objects in space in the past.
So what they told
us in this expose
is that they measured in
the Perseus supercluster
of galaxies, billions of
galaxies thrown together
about 250 million light
years away from us here.
They measured that this center
of the supercluster galaxy
resonates at a frequency
of B flat in musical terms.
This is a spectacular
discovery because if we
think of source creation as
being the point of everything
coming into creation
and if we take
that as A, the letters
of the alphabet
starts with A. The next
letter, or the next frequency
in the musical scale
would be B flat.
It goes A, B and B flat
is between A and B.
So in there we
can actually start
reading a connection between God
or the creation, or the abba,
or the father that brought
forth everything into creation
being the source.
And suddenly we see the
manifestation in the form
of supercluster
galaxies ringing at B
flat, a semitone above
the source code of A.
In there somewhere, lies some
very important information
that will still be understood
by us as we get deeper
into this primary source
coding and unraveling
the meaning of all of this.
All you have to do is look at
some of the images from NASA
and what does it remind us of?
It reminds us of that
lycopodium powder
on a metal plate in Hans
Jenny's beautiful documentary
showing the lycopodium
powder moving around
like a jelly kind of substance
or a liquid slow moving.
And this looks just like that
lycopodium powder creating
gigantic supercluster galaxies
on an unimaginable scale,
creating billions
of galaxies out
of this conglomerate
of galaxies.
Cymatic patterns on a
very, very large scale
because the sound
frequency is so
low it's described to be several
million billion times lower
than the audio
frequencies that we
can hear with our naked ears.
Just some more examples
of the photographs of NASA
taken of the supercluster
Perseus galaxy showing
these sound waves and
these energy waves
moving from the center
creating the cymatic patterns
that we can pick up and actually
view with the naked eye.
One of my most favorite events
and achievements using sound
happened in 2011 when Dr.
Luc Montagnier spontaneously
generated DNA using sound,
exposing an empty test
tube with what was
called the essence of DNA
in there to sound frequencies.
And within a certain
period of time,
DNA spontaneously materialized.
Now what we've got
to ask ourselves
is, what does DNA contain?
We know that DNA is
the blueprint for who
we are, what our bodies are.
Every aspect of creation,
every aspect of our body,
the physical form of our
body, is encoded in the DNA.
So if you spontaneously
manifest DNA
that means you're also
spontaneously manifesting
the billions and trillions
of sub frequencies
encoded in that DNA
that hold the knowledge
and the information
for the human body
or whatever else that DNA
encodes or is meant to encode.
So understand the
incredible achievement here.
That by manifesting
DNA with sound,
we can pretty much understand
how we can manifest everything
and anything with
sound because it
is the infinite number
of sub frequencies,
the fractals of the primary
resonance of the frequency that
manifests that specific
DNA that is encoded
in that primary resonance
of the mother molecule that
holds all the other
information encoded in it.
It is a spectacular achievement.
So what do we do with
all this information?
What does it really mean?
Well the take out that
I have is that sound
is a primary source of
everything in creation, sound
and resonance.
And therefore, sound is also the
primary source of free energy
and this becomes a very
important topic of discussion
as we move into the
future of humanity trying
to liberate humanity from
the draconian enslavement
of the global elite and
the torturous system that
has been imposed on everyone
born into the slavery system.
What we do know now is that
the Earth rings like a bell.
It is the source
for the mountains
and the landscapes around us.
It is the source that drives
most of the activities
that we see manifesting on
the surface of planet Earth.
And it is the source
of free energy
that comes out of the planet.
Nikola Tesla seems
to have known this.
And Nikola Tesla used Mother
Earth as a source of energy
for what he wanted to
share with the world.
He remains, just like
Royal Rife remained
one of the primary proponents
of bringing cures for disease,
Nikola Tesla was going to
give free energy to the world
and liberate the world
from the enslavement
of the global elite,
but we all know
what happened to Nikola Tesla.
I believe that he used the sound
and the resonance of Mother
Earth, and he converted it into
a transmittable form of energy
that could be used anywhere
on this planet and anywhere
in space using the
resonance of sound
as a connector and
a source of energy.
And we'll be talking a lot more
about this in future episodes.
So what does this all have
to do with ancient cultures
and ancient civilizations?
Everything because, as
we see, ancient cultures
and ancient civilizations
had a very good understanding
of sound and resonance,
the source of all things.
The fact that
everything in creation
came from a primordial sound
and a source of resonance.
And they used this as a
tool and an energy source
for everything that they did.
And we'll be discovering
and exposing and exploring
the tools and the artifacts
used by the ancient cultures
in the next episode.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.